people view and treat LinkedIn like
Google. They're taking a demo request,
which is this high intent offer that
converted on Google ads and now they're
running it to their audience on
LinkedIn. People are not converting.
They, you know, they spend some money,
they turn it off, and they say, "Hey,
LinkedIn doesn't work." How segmented
you need to be and how narrow you need
to be on LinkedIn versus other channels.
So, the the analogy I usually give
clients is with LinkedIn, you're trying
to burn the pond, not the ocean. There's
a silent majority that we all forget
about on LinkedIn and they're absolutely
critical for your success and they're
the lurkers. Lurkers are the people that
never engage with your post. They don't
click, they don't comment, but they see
it and they're receiving the
information. And for context with
LinkedIn, a good clickthrough rate is
1%. So that means 99% of the people are
not engaging. Those are the lurkers.
Yeah.
>> And often times we kill LinkedIn because
we don't account for the lurkers.
>> Welcome to episode 4 of Performance
Therapy. We're going to be talking about
the LinkedIn ads mistakes that are
costing you deals. This one is going to
be a tactical master class. So, we're
going to rant and share it therapy style
on all the nitty-gritty around LinkedIn
ads and the mistakes that we see.
Gonzalo, are you ready for this one?
>> I think so. Yeah.
>> All right. Let's talk about what comes
to mind, you know, when when people are
coming in and they're saying, "Oh, I ran
ads on LinkedIn. It didn't work." Like,
where does your mind go in terms of the
mistakes they're making?
>> Targeting and misalignment between
targeting and your offer. That's the
first things that come to mind for me.
Targeting because it's pretty clear if
you're targeting the wrong people, the
the rest doesn't really matter, right?
Mhm.
>> And the offer matters, too, because if
you're targeting a cold audience with a
super high intent offer,
>> yeah, some of them will raise their
hand, but most of them will just ignore
it or they'll put a like on your ad. The
ad looks cool, but then they don't click
or they click and they scroll through
the site, but then you don't see the
conversion and you're burning money.
>> Mhm.
>> So, those are the first things for me.
And it's like the I think one of the
mistakes that I see is which connects
with what you're saying is people view
and treat LinkedIn like Google
>> where they're coming from Google ads and
they're used to this lastclick you know
direct conversion and then they're
treating LinkedIn under the same vein in
the same lens where they're taking a
demo request which is this high intent
offer that converted on Google ads and
now they're running it to their audience
on LinkedIn. people are not converting,
they you know they spend some money,
they turn it off and they say, "Hey,
LinkedIn doesn't work." When
fundamentally the the strategy wasn't
there in place in terms of what you're
saying around the offer in relation to
the audience and where they are, right?
And making sure that those two things
are congruent.
>> Yeah, that's that's a big one for sure.
And is there any other thing that comes
to mind for you?
>> Yeah,
>> like a big one. I think the other one is
just the targeting which you talked
about but more specifically around this
like how segmented you need to be and
how narrow you need to be on LinkedIn
versus other channels. So the the
analogy I usually give clients is with
LinkedIn you're trying to burn the pond
not the ocean. So for context like when
you run ads on Meta or you run ads on
YouTube you're trying to cast a very
wide net. You're saying hey Meta find
the people who who matter for me right
or YouTube etc. And then your ad is
doing a lot of the heavy lifting in
terms of attracting the right person.
And you have such low distribution costs
that it makes sense, Matt, like
economically speaking to take that
approach and it works out for you.
>> But then you go on a platform like
LinkedIn where the average CPM is well
over $20 and then you're trying to take
the same approach and just
mathematically speaking, it's just too
expensive to do that, right? This broad
targeting approach. So with LinkedIn,
it's more about instead of burning the
ocean and going after like this million
size audience, you're trying to burn the
pond where you're trying to go after a
very very very specific size like let's
say 50,000, right? But ideally less than
250,000 is like my general rule of
thumb. Now obviously there's exceptions.
If you're at 270, but like that 270 is
the cream of the crop, then by all means
>> and you have the budget,
>> but yeah, and you have the budget, but
it should be as low as relevantly
possible. The other kind of catch 22
about LinkedIn 2 is the smaller the
size, usually the greater the cost. So
there's also that little bit of a
dilemma as well. And what you want to do
is you essentially want to go after like
a very very small group of people that
matter the most where imagine like
you're going after these VPs at X
companies and again like if one of those
deals closed, you just paid for your ad
budget for like half a year. you that's
that's when LinkedIn gets fun, you know,
and then what you're trying to do, not
to nerd out too much, but really what
you're doing is like you're you're
manufacturing celebrity. So, in their
eyes, they're like, "Man, this guy or
this brand is everywhere. They're
crushing it. Every time I go into
LinkedIn, I see them in my feed. I, you
know what I mean? I can't not see them."
And in their mind, they're just like,
"This person must be spending hundreds
of thousands of dollars, you know, every
single month to just keep showing up in
my feed." And the reality is is like
you're just like a little startup, you
know, you got some funds and you're just
being really smart about your strategy
and who you're going after, but to these
people, you're like massive, you know,
and and this is like one of the things
that's like so cool about ads is you can
create influence, right? where I mean
I've never done this but like sometimes
I have this idea where I'm like I have a
one of my best friends he's a personal
trainer in Miami and I'm like I don't
want to tell him but like I just want to
like grab his business and then just
like run ads around him in like a small
you know what I mean like uh like 15
mile radius of where he lives and just
you would just he would just become like
a celebrity in that 15 mile radius. You
know what I mean? Like run ads on Meta,
run ads on Tik Tok, on YouTube, etc.
like just hit everyone in that 15 milei
radius from everywhere and then when he
starts going outside people are going to
be like aren't you that personal
trainer, you know what I mean? Like just
to mess with him. But it's the same
thing with like B2B and these big
companies. You're basically trying to
get in front of this very small group of
people and just hit them from all these
different angles, right? And manufacture
this celebrity. Now again, like we we
kind of reference like the Spider-Man
quote, with great power comes great
responsibility because it's not what you
do, it's how you do it. If if you do
this approach and you don't do it well,
then what ends up happening is you
become like spam and annoyance, right?
Where now you're just like, "Oh my god,
these people again." You know what I
mean? And you just
>> tune them out.
>> You start getting ignored too. Ad
blindness is real. Like you're and you
feel it too. Like you're scrolling
through your feed, Instagram stories,
even LinkedIn, and you kind of just
ignore the ads unless they're catchy,
they grab your attention, and that's one
piece that brands do wrong, right? But
that's another thing, too. Yes, you get
spammy. I think
>> being spammy is worse than ad blindness.
If anything, you're just getting ignored
>> cuz you're still being recognized.
>> Yeah. But I mean, if anything, you're
just getting ignored. But if you people
start having a bad perception about your
brand, oh, these guys are always here
annoying, like irrelevant. Like, it's
bad because when it's time, even when
it's time to buy for them, you will have
we will have a bad credit. Maybe it's
fabricated in their mind and maybe not,
whatever. But that's what it is, right?
>> So that's a big disconnect when you were
talking about people transitioning from
Google to LinkedIn that on Google people
are actively searching for a solution
even if they're not searching for you.
And on LinkedIn, on Meta, on Tik Tok,
whatever, you're going after them. So
for them to pay attention to you, it's
it's a whole another story, right? Yeah.
>> It's a whole other battle. You can't
take it for granted. And you never you
can never lose perspective of where they
are in relation of their buyer's
journey. Ultimately, we never truly
fundamentally know, you know, hey, are
they problem aware, solution aware? uh
you know there's different like
providers who sell intent data and
they're like hey that's what I was
thinking
>> you know like these are purchase
accounts you know and and we know it's
fundamentally wrong because like we've
tested not to name names but we've
tested like multiple intent providers
like stacked up against each other with
a demo ad and if what they're saying is
true and you know the demo ad was nice
etc it should convert but it didn't
right so like fundamentally like you
know that's fake so this is where the
offer, which you kind of touched on, is
super important to kind of help gauge,
hey, where is this person, you know? So,
for example, like when we talk about
targeting and and going after this very
small group of people, we're talking
using account lists, right? Leveraging
job titles. So, it's super precise.
We're getting in front of the people
that matter most. And then if those
people are not converting, the solution
isn't maybe I should try job functions.
>> Yeah. It's what is the offer? What's the
carrot on the other side of the stick
that I'm at like offering to these
people, right? So that I can get it to
work uh so that they can convert. And
not to like rant too hard here, but this
is like the magic and the the thing that
I love the most is like how can you
convert cold traffic and the game of
converting cold traffic? You know what I
And I I kind of see that as like the
Olympics of advertising of like how can
I go to a stranger, build brand affinity
and trust in a very short period of time
and then get them to take an action that
I that is favorable for my business.
>> Mhm.
>> You know, and that all comes down to
like the offer, right? And making sure
that the offer you're picking is
congruent with the audience. And for
most B2B companies when they're running
ads on LinkedIn, like they're starting
with the demo, the offer is nowhere near
close for that. they don't convert and
then they stop running ads and they say,
"Oh yeah, LinkedIn doesn't work.
>> LinkedIn doesn't work." Which is like,
"What dude? You're it's like not even
close, you know? It's it's, you know,
and also too like another one too is
meta." People are like, "Oh, meta
doesn't work." It's like they all work
to a certain extent. It's just how well
will it work for you, right? And in the
execution piece. So that we kind of
ranted a bit on on targeting and the
importance of that and aligning your
offer with the audience and where they
are. Let's talk about creative.
What are some big mistakes you're seeing
with creative to make LinkedIn work?
>> Templated creative. That's a mistake.
Like those types of ads that could be
coming from, I don't know, at
Conversion, any other agency. To me,
that doesn't say much because I mean, I
just ignore those, right?
>> So, creatives that are uh I don't even
know if there's an adjective for that.
like an objective like not maybe not
attractive or not appealing enough.
That's that's a mistake because
when we talk about reverse engineering
your metrics in another episodes, this
is also too like you need to reverse
engineer what needs to happen for them
to first of all engage with your ad and
go to your website. The first of all,
you need to stop the scroll. If they
don't stop, you already lose the battle.
>> Yeah. Even if they stop the scroll, you
have like what? Two, three, four seconds
maybe with an image ad for them to to
actually check it out. And for some two
seconds might be a lot for I don't know.
It depends. But it's when you start
reverse engineering where you see brands
going wrong. First of all, if you create
that ad blindness, people just start
ignoring you because all ads look the
same. they don't they can't distinguish
you or they even know you exist to the
extent that like when we talk about the
offer and the misalignment for them to
actually stop what you're doing to
engage. So that's the first one for me
and then also to like okay you have two
seconds 4 seconds max if you're lucky
you need to make a good use of that time
and some people try to put I don't know
multiple call to actions in the same ad
multiple messages right they try to do
too much because and that's because they
know they have a short time the short
and even say don't even think it's
attention span it's just how people
behave and LinkedIn now is delivering
ads like what 70% of them on mobile 60
depending on the the campaigns
>> so people are on mobile, maybe they're
scrolling while listening to music,
whatever the case might be on public
transportation, watching TV, whatever.
So, you actually need to make a good use
of your time. And when we talk about
creative, I think you kind of need to
reverse engineering all those
ingredients because first of all, if
they don't stop the scroll again, you
lose the battle. I mean, there's not
even a battle to do in the the first
place. And then it's okay. The messaging
needs to resonate and it doesn't
necessarily need to drive a click. It
can be an engagement or even just
ignoring the ad or I mean not ignoring
but what seeing the ad reading it and
then continue with your live and that's
fine like 90 99% of the people do it
anyway but as long as your messaging
sticks and it keeps connecting with them
that's how you're creating a good
experience so the next time they see one
of your ads they already know a little
bit more about yourself
>> and they you can kind of continue that
experience in feeds so you don't need to
be relying on the creative to drive
people to the site. The creative needs
to be done to help tell your story
without like knowing how people behave
on that social network. If it's LinkedIn
in this case, how they behave. People
don't go there to oh, let me see if ad
conversion is showing up on my feed
today. Right.
>> They don't do it. They go to engage, to
comment, to to see some drama nowadays.
>> Yeah.
>> And oh, actually ad conversion showed
up. This makes sense. let me click or
let me put a like or oh awesome engaged
check.
>> There's yeah there's a silent majority
that we all forget about on LinkedIn and
they're absolutely critical for your
success and they're the lurkers
and most people are lurkers. Lurkers are
the people that never engage with your
post. They don't click. They don't
comment. You know, they don't do any
they but they see it and they're
receiving the information. And for
context with LinkedIn, a good
click-through rate is 1% on as like a
baseline, right? So that means 99% of
the people are not engaging. Those are
the lurkers.
>> Yeah.
>> And often times we kill LinkedIn because
we don't account for the lurkers. And
this is why it's so important to measure
the halo effect of LinkedIn because it's
fundamentally an awareness channel.
That's its strength. So measuring your
directly attributed performance. So
people who just go to your website
directly and organic how many people are
searching your brand name and it's
really interesting if if you guys are
listening to this you're just getting
started with LinkedIn like take your
baselines pre and post you know so if
you just started running LinkedIn today
just take a look at like what was my
organic search traffic before my direct
traffic before and then compare it after
running your LinkedIn ads for you know
the same time period and see if you you
notice a measurable difference right and
then this goes back to like that pipe to
spend number one of my favorite metrics
for paid media success, which is just
it's a measure of efficiency. So, for
every dollar I put in, how much am I
getting back? And then monitoring that
blended performance, you know, month
over month, quarter over quarter is
really, really cool. We uh we touched on
it a little bit around, you mentioned
reverse engineering Gonzalo and like
reverse engineering ads and I want to
get super tactical. Let's let's reverse
engineer together what a great ad
actually looks like. Uh, I'll kick us
off as like one thing that's like in my
head is the first thing is great ads
match the placement that they're a part
of.
>> So for context,
>> don't look like ads.
>> Exactly. Exactly. So if I'm running ads
on LinkedIn, which is what we're talking
about today, the ad looks like it
belongs on LinkedIn.
That's the first fundamental thing. And
and with LinkedIn, thankfully, most
people don't get that wrong. It's more
like meta where you see people using
like images and stories and like the
dimensions are cropped off and it makes
sense.
>> Yeah. Things like that, you know, just
like fundamental flaws. But you need to
make sure that the ad looks native to
the platform and it matches the
placement. So like one super tactical
give is when in your creative image if
you put a CTA button it like
subconsciously if I see your ad and I
see the CTA button in your ad, I already
know it's an ad. know
>> it's like a small little tell and also
it's not necessary because in the actual
ad format again making your ad native to
the platform LinkedIn is already giving
you a CTA button right where you can
>> put whatever you want learn more etc and
then go you know take the next step what
else comes to your mind
>> uh
the messaging is super important like
not putting a lot of information in the
ad is important for me because again if
you go back to now that you have that
metric dwell time people engage two two
seconds, three seconds with an ad. So
the messaging needs to be clear, needs
to to shed a like you can't just for
example I see a lot of people saying oh
you need to call out the problem that
your audience has awesome that's that's
perfect but now you also need to
position your product as a solution and
not directly like oh you're struggling
with this here's that conversion not
like that it needs to to to look organic
in a way but people need to be able to
tie the dots and I think it's one of the
episodes you have like learning from the
pose with Joe, right? Jose, where he's
saying that's that's not your audience
job to figure out what you do. It's your
own. And that stick with me because
that's what brands try to do. Oh, let me
call out a problem here. Now, let me
talk about my product. And now you're
expecting that someone on the other side
of the screen that engages with 300 ads
whatever a day or a week to remember
that these guys that called out this
problem here are the sames that offer
this solution. where when in reality you
should be the one connecting the dots
for them, making it easy because they
don't care about you. They might have a
problem, maybe they don't.
>> Um, whatever stage of the funnel they're
in,
>> but you need to do a good job when it
comes to the creative to to hit the
messaging piece. And again, ideally, it
should be aligned with data that you
have from sales calls, speaking with the
sales teams. Um, I'm not even touching
that piece because that's a whole other
topic. But to me it should be clear,
straightforward, needs to call out
ideally calling out a problem,
presenting your your product as a
solution. And don't try to say too much.
Just try to say enough. And that's like
a rule of thumb when we talk about, oh,
how long should be my video? I don't
know. Like ideally as short as possible,
right?
>> But without losing the point.
>> Yeah. As long as you're conveying your
message. If it takes 10 seconds, if it
needs to take 30, that's fine. but try
to do it in a short in a shorter length
as possible. And the same applies to the
ads, like be straightforward, be clear.
Um, and that's one of the the biggest
things to me.
>> That's a really powerful point. On that
note, too, around messaging that just
like comes to my head is the job of the
ad is to sell the click is usually the
way like it's a quote I heard a long
time ago of how I frame it. So the ad
isn't there to educate to somebody like
all the benefits and the reasons and the
pain points and everything of like why
they should buy your software
>> in one ad, you know, like there's no
way.
>> It's it's there to first and foremost
catch their attention, right? Cause that
pattern interrupt and messaging is huge
at causing pattern interrupts. Like the
the analogy I like to give is imagine
you're in a subway, right? And it's
busy. Like imagine you're in New York
and like the New York subway, right?
thousands of people walking by. It's
loud, it's hectic, etc. And then you
just like get on the top of the
stairwell and you say, "Gonalo," and all
of the Gonalos in the subway look back,
right? And they look at you. It's like
calling somebody out by their name. The
message, the word you use is the most
powerful thing you can do. As of today,
you can't call people out by their name
because we don't know who they are,
right? And also, that's creepy. There's
some personal but I think yeah but I
think that tour
>> that's where that's where like AI and
ads is going where like you're going to
like you ever seen the movie Minority
Report I think it's with Tom Cruz but
it's basically like people get served
ads just for them and it's like hi
Sylvio and it's like this was re anyways
but like that's where we're going you
know unfortunately but the way you can
do that in a noncreepy way is instead of
saying you know hey Gonalo you can say
hey B2B marketers hey cyber security
leaders, right? And now that'll resonate
with them where they're like, "Ah,
that's me." Right? That it sounds so
basic, but it's so fundamentally
powerful in terms of capturing their
attention because especially if you're
running ads on LinkedIn and you nailed
the targeting, right? You're using an
account list, you're using a job title,
you're already 90% of the way there.
Now, it's just how do I get that person
to pay attention. So, that's like the
first fundamental piece is it must grab
attention. The second piece which I
think in terms of reverse engineering
success of like what do winning ads look
like is how does the creative actually
look right what's the creative concept
that we're using here and this is like
one of the biggest misses you know of
like B2B because for the most part most
B2B companies you can get away with bad
copy because you're dealing with like
short form copy one to two lines right
there not a lot of context blah blah
blah but the image itself or the video
the asset the creative
just completely misses the mark. So,
>> rant with me here on creative concepts.
>> Yeah. And that's the piece when we were
talking about at the beginning where all
ads look the same and now you've seen
like across your feed you it's common to
see that concept like the notepads that
look like uh Apple notes.
>> Okay. Yeah. and and it's cool, but now
it's starting to get overused and and
that's the thing like at first it starts
working and even with some of our
clients it's working but you need to
continue pushing the boundaries and
that's what some companies get wrong.
It's like, "Oh, okay. These guys are
doing this. Let's follow and try to do
it as well." And maybe for their
audience, it doesn't work, you know, and
that's to me that's that's a big one
when it comes to creative concepts. And
we're going back and forth with our head
of of creative, right? Like the team
needs to keep testing new stuff, not
just what's working with other clients.
Also knowing too by the way that for
example if one client is targeting uh HR
leaders and the other is targeting cyber
security leaders these guys like it's
fine if you replicate concepts because
if it's working I mean they won't see
both so they won't see the same ads from
the same companies so it's fine but you
need to continue pushing the boundaries
and sometimes I know brand teams get in
the way but continuing to try new things
and looking examples from organic post
and stuff you see um while you're scri
scrolling on your Instagram, on your
Facebook. If
>> reverse engineering trends, that's a big
one. Yeah, it's at the end of the day,
it's social media, right? You're you're
advertising on a social media platform
that happens to be LinkedIn. So, if you
can take an existing trend and you can,
you know, rework it as a concept. That's
powerful.
>> I'm thinking about that that ad where
the guy is raising the the cardboard,
you know.
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> And then everyone started using it with
different copy.
>> Exactly.
>> That's a cool one.
>> Yeah. Little things like that. It goes
along the way for for a for a time. But
>> yeah, or like I'm thinking about when uh
chat GBT came out
>> and people started to use like a a
conversation of like replicating it like
hey chat GBT who's the best
>> uh who's where's the best place to learn
B2B advertising and it'll be like ad
conversion.
>> That was a subtle plug. Uh that's a good
one because your team needs to be agile
and if you're taking two weeks to build
creatives or three weeks by the time
that chaty bitty conversation gets gets
pushed to an ad the trend is over you
know. Yeah.
>> And again like
>> we're when we're targeting and us as B2B
marketers we might feel like we're in
this bubble where oh we're always seeing
these cool ads but like I see my
girlfriend's LinkedIn feed and she works
in finance and it has nothing to do with
mine. It's so
>> documented, guides, fill out this form,
like it's insane. So, we're spoiled. And
that's why sometimes we feel, oh, we
should be doing better, but when we're
targeting HR leaders, maybe their feed
has nothing to do with ours. So,
>> one ad that might seem overused for us
as marketers, for them, it's like a
fresh uh breath of fresh air.
>> And we're in a super competitive space,
right? More people are innovating, more
people are with it, etc. So, it's like
the barrier to entry will only continue
to rise over time. like this. It doesn't
get easier from here, right? It
continues to get harder.
>> When you're targeting marketers, it's
hard because of that. Like they're smart
first of all. They also know like and
one thing though and off topic, but with
when you're targeting marketers, the
cool thing is when you have the how did
you hear about us feel, they actually
collaborate because they they feel the
pain.
>> Oh yeah. Yeah.
>> But but for sure like creative concepts,
it's about trying new things, seeing how
you can plug in trends and again try to
disrupt the pattern. Yeah, that's a
really good point. Like if you're using
self-reported attribution, that's really
powerful for LinkedIn. So, it's like a
single text field where people can just
write whatever they want on how they
heard about you and you get a lot of
interesting insights from that. Like
just the self-reported attribution plus
the blended performance right from the
revenue dashboard. You already have a
really good sense of like what is
working, what is not because you'll
start to see more people say LinkedIn,
right? And obviously like people will
put some weird stuff in there too. Uh,
but by and large like you you get some
really like nuanced insights. Like I've
heard people like we we do a lot on
Reddit now.
>> Mhm.
>> And people be like, "Oh, this Reddit sub
thread like super specific." But then on
the on the flip side, you have people
who just be like internet. And now it's
like whoa. Like what a novel insight.
>> Thanks for the Thank you so much.
>> But is there any other like big mistake
you see? Because it's common to see
those types of posts on LinkedIn. Oh, I
audited this account spending 50K a
month and they're doing this. Boom,
boom, boom. If you have to give like a
five five bullet points on the biggest
mistakes.
>> Yeah. Rapid fire. Biggest mistakes I see
on LinkedIn. Number one is the the
budget does not match the audience. So,
they're spreading their budget way too
thin, right? Or the account list is way
too large for the budget. When you run
the math, you take the number of
accounts, right? You divide it by the
the cost per CPM, etc. you basically
realize like each person is getting like
a fraction of an impression. It just
makes no sense. That's the first
fundamental one. The second one is
they're not using exclusions. So they're
not excluding within the audience as
well. Equally important to who you
target is who you exclude. Make sure
you're not showing up to interns, you
know, students, etc. Competitors,
employees, retired salespeople, but I
mean maybe that doesn't apply to you,
but make sure your exclusions are dialed
in. I would say that's the second one.
The third one is like what we talked
about around creative, right? Make sure
you're actually creating a pattern
interrupt and you're the way I like to
think about it is like each creative is
like telling a little story, you know,
and that the story is actually complete
and and you're not trying to just sell
your product in the ad. You're trying to
peak curiosity and get the click so then
they can take the next step in that
story with you, right? And you have all
these little stories that are just
different points of perspective, right,
along that strategy of what you you're
putting into play. The third one is not
enough varietability around the creative
concept testing. So really make sure
you're testing radically dramatic
different concepts. So for context like
most people they'll launch a campaign
and they'll have three versions of ads
and it's like red, green, blue. And it's
like but it's the same fundamental ad.
It's just red, green, blue. And it's
like, sure, but in terms of not just
ROI, but ROE, return on effort, you'd
actually be better off if instead you
did a before and after, a meme, and like
a product mockup.
>> Yeah.
>> Radically dramatically different looks
and feels, right? That pay a different
perspective to the user. And then now
you can start to get some data. Oh,
before and afters consistently work well
with this audience, right? And then you
can lean into that and now you can
remix. I think remixing is a really
important skill that B2B marketers
should flex more, right? How do I take
an existing thing and just say it in a
different way, right? And and when you
have an ad that works well, a lot of
scaling is just taking that same ad and
just remixing it, right? And just
telling it in different perspectives and
different angles, etc. And then the next
one uh that comes to my mind is bidding,
which is, you know, making sure that
you're not overspending for for what
you're paying for. Uh so just to like
touch on that, any thoughts on bidding
and like specifically around like
conversions and lead genen campaigns?
Yeah, by default we've been seeing good
success with uh manual bids and from my
experience when like before when we were
doing maximize delivery it was just
overspending that's the truth in some
there are some cool use cases don't get
me wrong and I got blessed a lot of
LinkedIn post because I forgot a couple
of them like when you need to spend the
budget like in 10 days it's like a short
campaign you actually need to deliver
you're not really worried and in B2B
size that's that's usually the case
brands need to exhaust their budget
because in the next quarter they have a
new one. So there are some cool use
case, don't get me wrong. But if you're
looking for efficiency, manual bid still
is outperforming from what I've seen
with our clients. So like when you set
up a campaign, you see LinkedIn giving
you some suggestions like oh the average
range is between I don't know $1 and
150. So you can start on the low side of
things with $1, but you just need to
monitor it closely for the first few
days. That's also too by the way, and
maybe that's a tip where you you
shouldn't be launching ads on a Friday
just because you get the weekend.
>> Yeah,
>> especially if you're using manual bids.
You might get there on Monday and you
didn't spend anything
>> or you spend too much depending on the
beating. Um, but yeah, like take what
LinkedIn is suggesting based on your
audience. If you don't have any any data
before, but don't feel like, oh, if the
average bid is 2.5, like you see on
Reddit, where it's actually based on how
much you're paying, let me put 2.6 so I
out bid everyone. That's not how it
works on LinkedIn at least. So, you can
play it on the low side of things. And
then depending on, let's say if you have
$50 a day and you're spending 40 with a
$1 bid, you start increasing it slightly
until you you even out the pacing,
right?
>> Yeah. And on the note of bidding, you
also get different cost dynamics around
ad formats.
>> Yeah.
>> So for context, like there's not just
creative concepts that you can test, but
there's also ad formats. So like thought
leader ads, which is huge right now,
right? And it's performing extremely
well because it's native to platform.
great distribution costs etc. Then you
have uh document ads, you have carousel
ads, you have video ads, uh you have all
these different ad formats too,
conversation ads that you can use to
also optimize and experiment with in
relation to whatever the thing is that
you're trying to get that campaign to
do. So this was a lot. I hope it was
helpful everyone. We got super tactical
on the nitty-gritty around LinkedIn ads.
We'll see you guys in the next one.
Thanks so much for watching this
episode. If today's combo hit home for
you and you want to go deeper, check out
adconversion.com. You'll find free
courses, a killer advertising community,
and if you're ready to scale, we'd love
to work with you.